Many years ago there was a boy named Charles. Charles dreamed of leaving home and finding treasure. 
However, his parents did not want him to leave home, because they only saw him as a child.
Therefore, Charles spent his days helping his mother with chores around the house and hanging 
out with his two best friends, Lucy and Dawson, who both saw something very special in Charles.
Charles' parents did not believe in him, but what they did not know was that he was a very 
smart young boy, who with the help of his friends, was capable of incredible things. 

Charles started planning to sneak out and adventure from a young age. But Charles did not wish to sneak 
out and be reckless as most children his age would be when directly disobeying their parents. Charles, a 
bookworm, read of stories of great adventurers who would travel the world and hide their valuables, leaving 
behind clues for the curious and brilliant to find at a later time. While most who attempt these grand adventures 
come back empty handed or spend their lives forever chasing the treasures to no avail, Charles was different. Unlike
his predecessors, Charles was an incredible problem solver with a persistent drive, and with the help of his friends, 
he planned to take on one of these treasure hunts once and for all. 

So one night, Charles and his two friends, Lucy and Dawson, snuck out of the house in seek of this lavish treasure. 
He found a map from his book of advantures and immediately started to trace it. Little by little over time Charles kept
on going from clue to clue to eventually find where the treasure is. Near the end of the map marked a random X on a deserted
part of the beach near by. Charles and his friends dug for hours which eventually led to him finding this secret box with the 
title of the book displayed very prominently on it. Immediately, Charles, Lucy, and Dawson ran home so that they can find their secret 
treasure. As they opened it up, they saw a flashes of gold as it was a stack of gold coins. If it wasn't for the support of his friends
Charles would have never been able to find the secret treasure, especially without his parents finding out. 
